Clarify the ruby version (#534)
meilisearch/meilisearch-ruby: README.md

## 🔧 Installation

> We officially support any version of Ruby that is still being officially maintained, but in any case, you can use any version above Ruby 3.0.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We officially support any version of Ruby that is still receiving at least [security maintenance](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/). You may, however, be fine with any Ruby version above 3.0.
```
